# Changelog

[RSS Feed](/docs/changelog/index.xml.md)

Changelog is the source for the latest updates on our cloud platform. Stay informed about changes, enhancements, and new features that impact your experience. Explore our summaries to stay ahead and make the most of our platform's capabilities.

## Managed Redis Database service available

November 30, 2022
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2022-11-30-managed-redis.md)

Boost your application's performance instantly with our newly launched Managed Databases for Redis! Compatible with a wide array of web platforms, Redis is the go-to solution for developers looking to boost performance effortlessly. Welcome to a world where speed meets convenience — welcome to Managed Redis at UpCloud!

## New server plans with high CPU and high memory

October 25, 2022
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2022-10-25-new-high-cpu-memory-cloud-servers.md)

We have launched new server plans with high CPU and high memory capacity. Designed to deliver exceptional processing power and ample memory, these new plans are ideal for compute-intensive and memory-hungry applications.

The following new plans are available:

**High CPU plans**

| Price | CPU cores | RAM | Storage | Transfer | Identifier |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| €130 | 8 core | 12 GB | 100 GB | 4 TB | HICPU-8xCPU-12GB |
| €160 | 8 core | 16 GB | 200 GB | 5 TB | HICPU-8xCPU-16GB |
| €260 | 16 cores | 24 GB | 100 GB | 5 TB | HICPU-16xCPU-24GB |
| €310 | 16 cores | 32 GB | 200 GB | 6 TB | HICPU-16xCPU-32GB |
| €530 | 32 cores | 48 GB | 200 GB | 6 TB | HICPU-32xCPU-48GB |
| €620 | 32 cores | 64 GB | 300 GB | 7 TB | HICPU-32xCPU-64GB |
| €1056 | 64 cores | 96 GB | 200 GB | 7 TB | HICPU-64xCPU-96GB |
| €1248 | 64 cores | 128 GB | 300 GB | 8 TB | HICPU-64xCPU-128GB |

**High Memory plans**

| Price | CPU cores | RAM | Storage | Transfer | Identifier |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| €40 | 2 core | 8 GB | 100 GB | 2 TB | HIMEM-2xCPU-8GB |
| €65 | 2 core | 16 GB | 100 GB | 2 TB | HIMEM-2xCPU-16GB |
| €132 | 4 cores | 32 GB | 100 GB | 4 TB | HIMEM-4xCPU-32GB |
| €240 | 4 cores | 64 GB | 200 GB | 4 TB | HIMEM-4xCPU-64GB |
| €480 | 6 cores | 128 GB | 300 GB | 6 TB | HIMEM-6xCPU-128GB |
| €840 | 8 cores | 192 GB | 400 GB | 8 TB | HIMEM-8xCPU-192GB |
| €1080 | 12 cores | 256 GB | 500 GB | 10 TB | HIMEM-12xCPU-256GB |
| €1680 | 16 cores | 384 GB | 600 GB | 12 TB | HIMEM-16xCPU-384GB |

## Hot Resizing for Cloud Servers

June 29, 2022
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2022-06-29-hot-resizing.md)

Cloud Servers can now be scaled vertically without downtime. The number of CPU cores and the amount of memory can be increased without first shutting the server down. This new feature is available on all servers created on or after April 27th, 2022. For Cloud Servers created before that, a one-time full stop and start activates the feature. Hot resizing makes scaling up effortless and provides for an uninterrupted service when more capacity is needed.

## Managed Load Balancer now available

March 30, 2022
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2022-03-30-managed-load-balancer.md)

Simplify resilience and boost your application's throughput with our new Managed Load Balancer! Effortlessly scale and manage traffic with our intuitive Control Panel or fully-featured API. Select from Development or Production plans to match your needs, with high availability and up to 50,000 concurrent connections. Plus, secure your setup with our complimentary SSL certificate manager. Elevate your infrastructure with ease today!

[Previous page](/docs/changelog/page/13.md)
