# Changelog

[RSS Feed](/docs/changelog/index.xml.md)

Changelog is the source for the latest updates on our cloud platform. Stay informed about changes, enhancements, and new features that impact your experience. Explore our summaries to stay ahead and make the most of our platform's capabilities.

## UpCloud Audit logs released

July 12, 2024
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2024-07-12-audit-logs.md)

Introducing UpCloud Audit logs, a new control panel feature to help users maintain audit trials within the UpCloud platform. Audit logs add the ability to track and monitor UpCloud account and resource activities. They ensure users and their security teams meet their compliance and regulatory obligations.

Audit logs provide full transparency by offering detailed records of actions taken within the platform, and cannot be disabled or tampered with. For more information, see the documentation on [Audit logs](/docs/getting-started/accounts/audit-logs.md).

## Developer Cloud Server plans available

July 1, 2024
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2024-07-01-developer-cloud-server-plans.md)

Introducing today our new developer-focused Cloud Server plans, specifically designed to meet the needs of individual developers and small teams. These plans offer a streamlined set of essential services at a remarkably low price, making them perfect for testing, development, and hosting personal projects. These servers provide just the features what you need to get your ideas off the ground without any unnecessary extras, ensuring you only pay for what you use.

| Price | CPU cores | RAM | Storage | Identifier |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| €4.5 | 1 core | 1 GB | 20 GB | DEV-1xCPU-1GB |
| €10 | 1 core | 2 GB | 30 GB | DEV-1xCPU-2GB |
| €15 | 1 core | 4 GB | 40 GB | DEV-1xCPU-4GB |

## UpCloud Managed Kubernetes v1.27 EOL

June 28, 2024
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2024-06-28-kubernetes-1.27-eol.md)

[Kubernetes version 1.27](https://kubernetes.io/releases/#release-v1-27) will reach it's End-of-Life (EOL) today on 2024-06-28. New UpCloud Managed Kubernetes clusters cannot be created anymore with this version.

For existing v1.27 clusters it is advised to limit access to the API server by defining a list of allowed source IP ranges. For more information, see documentation on [Limiting Kubernetes API access](/docs/products/managed-kubernetes/control-plane#limiting-kubernetes-api-access.md).

## VPN Gateways available in beta

June 20, 2024
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2024-06-20-vpn-available-in-beta.md)

[VPN Gateways](/docs/products/vpn-gateway.md) are now available for all customers, providing a powerful tool to enhance connectivity and network management. This new feature enables the connection of SDN Private Networks to remote networks through site-to-site IPsec connections, ensuring secure and reliable communication channels over untrusted network environments. With VPN Gateways, you can extend your private network's reach, seamlessly integrating remote sites, data centers, or cloud environments into a cohesive network infrastructure.

In addition to IPsec connectivity, VPN Gateways come equipped with Network Address Translation (NAT) features. This functionality enables Internet connectivity from the associated SDN Private Networks.

Get started by following our [How to set up site-to-site VPN connection](/docs/guides/set-up-site-to-site-vpn-connection.md) guide!

## CentOS 7 and Debian 10 templates to be removed

May 30, 2024
·
[Permalink](/docs/changelog/2024-05-30-centos9-debian10-removal.md)

As part of our efforts to ensure our ready-made Cloud Server images are constantly aligned with security standards, we are removing the support for CentOS 7 and Debian 10 from UpCloud, as they have reached their planned end-of-life.

On July 1st, 2024, our API and control panel will no longer offer CentOS 7 or Debian 10 templates for new servers. Existing servers deployed from these templates will remain untouched, although upgrading to a supported version of these operating systems is crucial for the security of your servers. Newer releases of CentOS and Debian are available on UpCloud and we will continue making them available once new versions are released.

[Previous page](/docs/changelog/page/6.md)
- [Next page](/docs/changelog/page/8.md)
